hey this is electrical beef and welcome
to episode 5 I let's play super mario 64
you'll see I have got seven stars that
is free more than last time but I will
tell you why
wow the first reason well I was Foom in
my last let's play and wax a dense has
deleted the file and over and I got them
stars and I saved but don't worry you
will see me get them stars still because
I will be getting them stars again on
this episode the first I will be getting
it is one in the princess secret slide
as you know you go through this or you
as you guys probably know this is
probably one of the artists stars to get
you have to get under one and got to get
under 21 seconds in the princess secret
slide it took me a lot of turns but
there's a shortcut you can take which
takes a lot of luck and skill what you
do just got a jump down there and
hopefully you don't slide off bloke I
did I am giving myself free free
attempts and then I will try and record
it again Kate this is a take two
as I told you it takes a lot of luck and
skill and it's probably the only way to
get this stuff from past experience oh
my god that was lucky he grabbed onto
the edge oh my god oh my god
now that was skill I'm also doing
another competition and it is well if
you can beat my time of 18 seconds and
sit and sit well post a video response
and if you win our poster comment on
your video I know it's a cheap price hey
that was the first time I got before I
messed up my other let's play well the
second one will be getting is a lot
easier as you saw in the last thought
there was a box and you just gotta wait
that box and the star comes out so y'all
be doing it the normal way this time but
this time I'm actually gonna get the
coins there isn't 100 coins on this
level so don't worry about that
whoa we're sliding
okay.i 0.44 pub we have to cut the video
there we go
I wouldn't want to cut it after that
skill earlier okay in the next star that
I got was in here it's a bit like deja
our view right now Oh extra life so now
we will be going back to the bomb level
and getting revenge on the Chain Chomp
cause he's been trying to eat me for
days as you see that the star got
earlier the only reason why I haven't
done the flying one yet because I
haven't unlocked the wing cap but I'll
get back to it as you see it slowing
down more than other things I think my
computer's got spyware well let's do
this and get revenge let's hope he
doesn't eat me Oh No
oh god oh god
okay uses a lot of equity in speed there
we go
it gets easier though because it's a lot
shorter each time come on one more yes
go away change up you cannot eat us
anymore and this is the last star on the
episode I just wanted to say thank you
for the video responses on the Cooper
episode and I hope you posted a lot of
video responses on this episode trying
to beat my time on on princess secrets
line even if you can't though you can
still post a video response I'll watch
it well until next time bye